Vice President is here
The vice president is here, the vice president is here
Sung Woo, you are here
Hey, why are you here?
Look look look
There you are.
Witt, wait and see
I must expose your true colors today
The Chamber of Commerce
We invited the president of the Domestic Business Alliance
Ms. Qi arrived at the scene
Thank you for coming.
Although I am the founder of this chamber of commerce
But you are the protagonists in the audience
Ms. Xi was re-elected as the president of the Chamber of Commerce for many years
Been busy with my business
This time, I took time out of my busy schedule to hold a chamber of commerce
In order to give
The outstanding young people of Haicheng gave affirmation
First of all, I would like to thank Mr. Lu of Lu Enterprises Group
For the GDP development of Haicheng
Contributed a lot of power